# Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct

## Our Pledge

Everyone involved with the Fortune Street analyzer project, including end
users, contributors, sponsors, programmers, maintainers, and leaders, pledge to
uphold others to the highest standards in maintaining a healthy and productive
relationship with one another through their words and actions in any
environment, physically or virtually. 

We pledge to act and interact in ways that contribute to an open, welcoming,
diverse, inclusive, and healthy community without regards to any one person's
age, gender, appearance, disability status, religious status, education status,
socio-economic status, skills and experience, ethnicity, race, sexual identity
and orientation, and any other factor that can cause physical, mental, or
emotional harm.

## Our Standards

Examples of behavior that contributes to a positive environment for our
community include:

* Collaborating with others on providing support or solutions for issues, not
  just pinpointing issues
* Demonstrating proper etiquette when communicating with members of the
  community on any project-related discussion, whether people involved have
  opinions, viewpoints, and experiences that are the same or different than
  others
* Recognizing mistakes and accepting responsibility to learn from those
  mistakes
* Putting others first before yourself in any project-related environment

Examples of unacceptable behavior include:

* The use of sexualized language or imagery, and sexual attention or
  advances of any kind
* Trolling, insulting, attacking, harassing, and belittling others with
  unwanted or repeated messages, whether intentionally or accidentally
* Publishing anyone's information without their written consent or engaging in
  the act of phishing
* Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a
  professional setting

## Enforcement

This Code of Conduct document applies to everyone when members of the community
are involved in project-related activities. We, as community leaders for the
project, have an obligation to protect our members and address any disruptive
or unacceptable behavior. Any potential instances of Code of Conduct violations
can be reported to chticer@outlook.com and will be reviewed and looked into as
quickly as possible. All reports of Code of Conduct violations will be
confidential and all decisions made will be unbiased and objective.

We reserve the right to remove or edit content, including, but not limited to,
commits, issues, discussions, and comments, that does not adhere to this Code
of Conduct document. We also reserve the right to make changes to this Code of
Conduct document as we see fit at any time and will take effect at the same
time when changes are made.

## Enforcement Guidelines

The following enforcement guidelines applies to everyone involved with the
project. The enforcement guideline action taken against someone can vary,
including first time offenses, depending on the severity of the offense.

### 1. Correction

**Community Impact**: A minor violation of community standards that can
potentially cause future violations 

**Consequence**: A discrete online message to the offender stating the reason
for the violation and providing an explanation surrounding the nature of the
violation.

### 2. Warning

**Community Impact**: A minor violation of community standards that have been
deemed to be problematic not involving a person and can potentially cause
future major violations

**Consequence**: A discrete online message to the offender stating the reason
for the violation and providing an explanation surrounding the nature of the
violation. The offender will also be notified that future violations can result
in a ban in accordance with the Code of Conduct.

### 3. Ban

**Community Impact**: A major violation of community standards that have been
deemed to be problematic involving a person.

**Consequence**: A discrete online message to the offender stating the reason
for the violation and providing an explanation surrounding the nature of the
violation. The offender will also be notified that they will no longer be
involved with the project, including interacting with members of the community,
moving forward in accordance with the Code of Conduct.

## Attribution

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant][homepage],
version 2.0, available at
https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/code_of_conduct.html.

Community Impact Guidelines were inspired by [Mozilla's code of conduct
enforcement ladder](https://github.com/mozilla/diversity).

[homepage]: https://www.contributor-covenant.org

For answers to common questions about this code of conduct, see the FAQ at
https://www.contributor-covenant.org/faq. Translations are available at
https://www.contributor-covenant.org/translations.
